#summary Rough list of Bob's To Dos
 * lookTo and lookToUpdate only work in world space now and can accept a Transform or a Vector3 now

 * lookTo/lookFrom only accepts "target" now and automatically determines if its a Vector3 or a Transform THIS WILL APPLY to the update version of look to!!!

 * Make all components that use pixelInset (guiTexture) scale from the center?

 * For value dial ins maybe just recall the tween with a percentage of 1????

 * Added value() and property() - need documentation for their workflow [start,begin,a,b,end]

 * rotateTo() and rotateFrom() only set in world space now rooted from Quaternion.identity

 * colorTo() can also affect alpha now

 * note how "defaults" have DRASTICALLY changed and simplified

 * Include overrides to specifically announce the request to animate something that isn't a GameObject? (i.e. sending a GUITexture???) Do we need this for args to ensure things are affected correctly?  If so ensure component type is checked before attempting any modifications!

 * Add any deprecated functions but include a error throw to announce it.

 * Contemplate default space for every method (I.e. Shakes should use local where moves should use world) 

 * Need to do an additional check before application to decide that property to modify?  (i.e. if a guiTexture component is encountered then scale should be managed on the pixelOffset)??

 * Make sure "almost" everything plays well with GUITextures and similar

 * Make sure modifications are *ONLY* done if the component exists!  (i.e. fade only if we have a renderer)

 * shake() is deprecated; we now have shakePosition(), shakeScale(), shakeRotation()

 * Possibly leverage ASDoc or JavaDoc to auto generate documentation?

 * Make sure move methods all have look additions (target and transform)

 * Investigate and implement more bezier movement path options (from script wiki?) and perhaps rename/classify current bezier as "weighted" or more proper term fitting to its behavior?

 * Need to add additional FixedUpdate fired Rigidbody animations similar to AniMate's approach? Or is current kinematic toggle sufficient? "This is necessary if you want to animate a rigidbody that interacts with physics." "...animation has to be done in FixedUpdate and the position/rotation applied through MovePosition and MoveRotation."

 * Make sure pause and resume throws a kinematic toggle if need be!!

 * CREATE AN ALL ENCOMPASSING TEST BED! 

 * Make sure C# usage of JS version works on iPhone!

 * Note in documentation that moves default to World now

 * Note in documentation that rotates default to Local now

 * Build Wordpress driven support site and leverage google code for source delivery (no more tedious zip releases on support page)!